GH #11 User Expiration Date (#453)
magento/merchdocs: src/system/permissions-users-all.md

        The User Name should be easy to remember. It is not case-sensitive. For example, if your user name is `John`, you can also log in as `john`.

    - Complete the following user information:

        - **First Name**
        - **Last Name**
        - **Email address**

        Each user account requires a unique email address.

    - Enter a **Password** for the account.

        {:.bs-callout-info}
        An Admin password must be seven or more characters long and include both letters and numbers. For additional password options, see [Configuring Admin Security]({% link stores/security-admin.md %}).

    - For **Password Confirmation**, re-enter the password to make sure it was entered correctly.

    - If your store has multiple languages, set **Interface Locale** to the language to be used for the Admin interface.

1. Set **This Account is** to `Active`.

> 1. Click the calendar icon to set the **Expiration Date** for the user account.

Reviewer: Is the new expiration available in both Open Source and Commerce? Just want to make sure we don't need conditioning here.

Author: was unable to find any restrictions in the ticket trails and this is community development.

>     Defining an expiration date is helpful when a user or role is temporary. After the defined expiration date, the user account status changes to `Inactive` and can be updated, if neededß.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Defining an expiration date is helpful when a user or role is temporary. After the expiration date, the user account status changes to `Inactive` and can be updated, if needed.
```
